                                      ASSIGNMENT  DAY 01

QUESTION NO : 01
 EXPLAIN THE VARIOUS METHODS IN CONSOLE FUNCTION

1) console.assert()- log a message & stack trace to console if the first aegument is false.

2) console.clear()- clear the console

3) console.count()- log the no of times this line has been called with the given label.

4) console.error()-  outputs an error message .you may use string substitution and additional arguments with this method.

5) console .group()- cerate a new inline group . indenting all following output by anotherlevel.To move  back out a level.

6) console.info()- informative logging of information .you may use string substitution and additional arguments with this method.

7) console.log() -for general output of logging information you msy use string substitution and additionl arguments with this method.

8) console.time() - starts timer with a name specified as an input parameter up to 10,000simultaneous timers run on agiven page.

9) console.table()- displays tabular data as a table.

10) comsole.warn() - outputs  warning message you may use string substtution and arguments with this method.

QUESTION NO : 02
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN VAR, LET ,CONST.

* VAR- 1)var is a functioned scope when it is declared outside function 
     2) var will be declared anywhere in the block 

eg  var name = " hii" 

    function newfunction(){
      var hello = "hello";
    }    

* Let -1) anything in the curly bracket is block and let is local varible.
       2) let is only work in a particular scope 

eg  function node simplified(){4
    let a=10;
    console.log(a);//output 10
    if(true){
    let a=20;
    console.log(a);//output 20
    }
    console.log(a);//output 10
    }  

* const - 1) const statement values can be assined once and they cannot be reassined 
    
eg  function nodesimplified(){
    const MY-VARIABLE =10;
    console.log(MY-VARIABLE);//output 10
    }  

QUESTION NO : 03
 INTRO ON AVAILABLE DATATYPES IN JAVASCRIPT

1) SYMBOL- A symbol is unique and immutable primitive value and may be used as the key of an object
           property . In some progemiing lang symbol are called atoms.

2) OBJECT- In computer science , an object is a value in memory is possibly referenced by an identifier.

3) STRING TYPE- In jvascript string type is used to represnt textual data . It is a set of elements of 16 bits unsigned integer value . 
                Each element in string  occupies  a position in the string .the first element is at index 0 the next at index 1
                The length ofa string is the of elements in it.javascript string are immutable this means that once a string is 
                created , it is not possible to modify it.

4) BigInt TYPE- The BigInt type is numeric primitive in js that can represnt integers with arbitary precision .with BigInt you can 
                safely store and operate on large integers even beyond the safe integer limit for no.
                A BigInt is created by appending n to the end of an integer or by calling the constructor.

5) Number type - The number type is double precision 64 bit binary format IEEE value In addition to represnting 
                 floating point no ,the number type has three symbolic  values 
                 1 + Infinity 2 -Infinity 3 NaN

6) BOOLEAN TYPE - Boolean represents  logical entity and can have two values that is true and false.

7) NULL TYPE- the null type is exactly one value null .

8) UNDEFINED TYPE -A variable that has not been assined a value has the value undefined .